all right welcome back everyone uh it's
time to break down another really common
system design problem this time we're
going to take on WebCrawler think
WebCrawler needs no introduction it's a
super popular problem I'm sure you've
all heard it a number of times but now
you're going to get my take on it um so
apologies this video is a little bit
late a week later than I usually like to
do I was traveling bear with me we got
the Hat on uh was feeling a little too
lazy to shower this morning so hopefully
it won't have any negative impact on our
system design skills um but for those
who haven't seen this vide As you're'
Seen It For the First Time quick
introduction my name is Evan I'm a
former staff engineer and interviewer at
meta and I've asked all of these
questions dozens tens in some cases
hundreds of times so in this kind of
series of videos we walk through a
system design problem together I point
out exactly what interviewers are
looking for at the different levels
based on my experience um now I said
former staff engineer at meta I spend my
days nowadays as the co-founder of hello
interview and at hello interview we help
candidates prepare for upcoming
interviews and this is largely via
in-person mocks with Fang senior plus
engineers and managers like myself so if
that's something that you're interested
head over to hello interview.com and
take a look now before I jump in videos
might not be your thing that's totally
fine I also wrote up a detailed written
kind of guide to this problem so if you
head over to hello interview you can
check out designer WebCrawler you can go
through it see all my tips there break
down good bad and great solution
Solutions um you'll see that we also
have about 11 other common problem
breakdowns here on the side take a look
at those as well as how we recommend
that you approach system design
interviews in the first place lastly you
click on that suggust the question and
you can let us know what we should do
next so feel free to either propose a
question or just vote as you see here
all right without further Ado let's jump
into it and design a web crawler
all right so before we jump into
actually solving the problem let's just
take a really quick moment to talk about
the road map that we're going to follow
throughout this interview and this is
the road map that I suggest that you
follow in any of your system design
interviews so the very first thing that
we're going to do is we're going to
define the requirements of the system
this is the functional requirements or
the features of the system as well as
the non-functional requirements the
qualities and constraints of the system
we're then going to just document the
core entities this is just a list of
basically like the tables that you would
have I don't go into the full schema yet
because often times this early in the
interview I don't know it so I kind of
communicate with the interviewer that
I'm going to come back and maybe I'll
fill out fill out this full schema as I
need to but that's where we go next
third is that we talk about either the
API in the case of a user facing
application or in the case of something
like a WebCrawler the interface so just
the inputs and outputs of the system
fourth and this one's optional depending
on the system but for something like
WebCrawler we'll do it because it's
going to be really useful and that's to
enumerate how data is going to flow
through our system and this is important
because we're actually going to use that
enumeration of the different steps in a
web crawler in order to inform our
highle design and so step five highle
design is where we head to the
Whiteboard and things start to get fun
we draw out a simple diagram that is
able to fulfill and this is crucial are
functional requirements of our system so
at this point the design should be
really straightforward it should be
really simple and it just meets those
functional
requirements now step six deep Dives is
where you really earn your value
particularly as a senior candidate staff
plus candidate this is where you go back
to those non-functional requirements and
you uh evolve your highle design one by
one through each non-functional
requirement such that your ultimate
design eventually satisfies the
functional and non-functional
requirements of your system so that's
the process that we're going to follow
you're going to get to watch me walk
through exactly that
now before we get into those functional
requirements just quickly what is a
WebCrawler and so a web crawler is a
program that automatically traverses the
internet traverses the web and it does
this by downloading pages and then
following links from one page to another
and repeating that process recursively
and so it's used to index the web for
search engines like Google for
collecting data for research maybe
monitoring websites for changes
collecting data to train machine
learning models Etc and so if you get
told to design a WebCrawler in an
interview the first question you might
want to ask is well what's the purpose
of the WebCrawler what am I going to be
using it for because that's going to
have some consequences to your design so
I narrow in our scope here this is the
problem definition that you can assume
the interviewer gave you this is
actually the the version that I ask and
it's to design a WebCrawler that
extracts text Data from the web and
stores it with the goal being to use
that text data to train an llm a large
language model like open AI chat
GPT and so um your crawler this is an
additional constraint that I provide
your crawler can only run for 5 days we
need this data quick like open AI is
killing it they have chaty PT we're
maybe over at Google or we're over at
Microsoft or apple or wherever Facebook
and so we need to get this data ASAP so
we can start training this model so
that's kind of an additional constraint
there
notably of course this design isn't
going to go into training the model even
the tokenization any of that our job
ends when we store that text data and
then that's where the machine learning
team can pick it up from there so that's
the problem definitions now let's jump
right into the functional requirements
so those functional requirements are uh
relatively straightforward for a problem
like this I'm actually just going to
paste them in so you don't all have to
watch me struggle to type but we just
need to be able to crawl the full web
starting from a set of seed URLs we'll
Define that here in a second
and then we need to extract text Data
from those websites and store them
somewhere probably in a
database um now before I get into the
non-functional requirements I would
pause and ask my interviewer a little
bit about the scale of the system so I
might ask them how many websites are
there and maybe they tell me or maybe
they ask me to estimate but in either
case I'm going to say 10 billion web
pages and then I'm going to estimate
that a web page on average is maybe 2
megabytes so per page on average
maybe I asked them for this maybe I
estimated it myself and then we already
know that we have 5 days to scrape so
there's some scale some constraints that
we need to know I might also ask them
who are we are we a big organization
that kind of has infinite resources from
a money perspective or do we need to be
really costc conscientious Etc in this
case I'm going to say you know unlimited
resources within reason so within reason
that's the that's what we'll design for
and so now we move on to those
nonfunctional requirements and
non-functional requirements they're the
how of your system they're the
constraints that your system most must
operate under so let's kind of think of
some that makes sense for us here um in
the case of WebCrawler some
non-functional requirements that stick
out as interesting are things like we
need to be let me get in here we need to
be fault
tolerant and this is because we need to
be able to handle failures gracefully so
that we can resume crawling without
losing a ton of progress it would suck
if we got maybe halfway through crawling
um and then we lost everything that we
had been working towards that would
certainly be a bummer another one that's
really common for web crawlers is
something called politeness and so
politeness is adhering to robots.txt in
order to not overload website servers
inappropriately so websites can have a
robots.txt on their servers which
defines how often they can be crawled
and so we don't want to be hitting any
given website over and over and over
again effectively dodsing it such that
that site goes down that would be
inappropriate bad practice and something
that we want to avoid doing so we'll see
some examples of robots.txt and how to
adhere to it later in the
interview another thing is that of
course we need to be able to scale to
those 10 billion Pages uh so we need to
be able to handle scalability in order
to get up to 10 billion Pages that's
quite a bit and then another one here is
that we need to be
efficient um and efficiency here means
the efficiency to crawl the web page in
under five days so crawl in under five
days and so those questions were
important because non-functional
requirements to the extent that it's
reasonable should be
Quantified and so by understanding the
scale of our system we were able to
better quantify here
efficiently right so there's the
functional scale and non-functional
requirements of our system now I'm going
to just take a quick moment to note that
in many things that you read online Etc
uh they'll encourage you to do back of
the envelope estimations at this point
I'm not going to do that and if you've
seen many of my YouTube videos you'll
know my opinion on this but estimations
are important they're actually very
important and we'll do some later on but
what I find in conducting so many of
these interviews is that candidates just
take a moment to do this basic math
about scale about throughput daily
active users when that's relevant Etc
and then at the end of that math they
say wow that's a lot and then they keep
going and what I learned as an
interviewer is absolutely nothing other
than the fact that you can do basic math
and what you learned as a candidate is
equally nothing you learned that you're
going to create a distributed system
yeah of course we we kind of knew that
when we asked some questions about the
scale of a system so instead it's my
suggestion to you that you communicate
with your interviewer at this point
that's very crucial communicate with
your interviewer that I'm actually not
going to do math at this point because I
want the calculations that I do to
directly influence or inform my design
and I don't have math at this point that
will do that so while I'm designing
maybe in my high level design or deep
Dives if I have a critical Junction for
which math will inform my direction I'm
going to do math at that point in my
opinion this is much more sophisticated
uh it's more realistic it's more
indicative of what you would do on the
real job so take it or leave it that's
my suggestion for you there all in all
we have the problem set up and now it's
time for us to to jump into that next
step which is the core entities um the
core entities the interface and the data
flow
following along with our road map we
move on to the core entities the core
entities are meant to help you
understand the data central to your
design and they're going to give you a
foundation to build upon and so these
are the core entities that your
interface or your API are going to
exchange and that your system is going
to persist in the data model so in our
case some of the core entities are of
course the text Data that's our output
as well as URL metadata the URL itself
and metadata about whether we've crawled
it or not and then we'll probably also
want some domain metadata and this is so
that we can adhere to those policies in
robots.txt which are the domain Nevel
level not a URL level so you may know
these right away for user-facing product
type system design questions these are
more straightforward and reasonable than
than in infer questions but they're
still useful to outline nonetheless and
so next up we go over to that API or
interface given that this is isn't a
clear user facing product that has user
facing apis we're going to choose that
interface route so we'll write interface
here and what this does is it just
outlines the basic inputs and outputs of
the system so you want to clearly
outline what data the system receives
and what it outputs and this establishes
a really clear boundary of your system's
functionality so we can say in our case
the input is going to be a set of seed
URLs that URL metadata and then the the
output is of course going to be that
text data that we parsed from all the
websites
so hopefully relatively straightforward
up until this point and now the more
interesting bit is this data flow which
is dotted here again because it's
optional but makes a lot of sense for
this style WebCrawler infr type question
so we're going to come down here and
we're going to add a data flow and what
the data flow is is it describes the
highlevel sequence of actions or
processes that your system performs on
the desired input in order to produce
that desired output so this is really
just a simple list and you're going to
use this flow then to inform Your highle
Design moving forward so let's look at
what RS would look like in order to
construct a web crawler the very first
thing that we do is we take those seed
URLs from a frontier Set uh and we
request the IP from
DNS and now Frontier I should Define
this Frontier is the set of URLs that
are yet to be crawled so in the
beginning this is is just our seed URLs
you have some set of seed URLs we're
going to pull each of those URLs off the
list and then we're going to go fetch
their IP from DNS so we can hit those
websites of course and then the second
thing is that we're going to fetch the
HTML we're going to go fetch that page
straightforward enough next up we're
going to extract text from that HTML
okay and then fourth we'll store that
text in a
database fifth we're going to need to
extract the URLs in the text right so
whatever URLs we're in that web page
let's extract them and add to our
Frontier and then lastly this is the
recursive bit we're going to repeat
steps 1 through five until all urls have
been C until the frontier set is
empty so of course I wrote These really
quickly because this was uh you know
something I've done so many times it
wouldn't be so quick for a candidate and
it often times isn't and that's fine
core entities would have been pretty
quick interface pretty quick as well and
then data flow is where you spend some
time maybe fiveish minutes really
thinking through what are the steps here
what do I do when I start with a given
seed URL how do I get to my end goal of
having all of this text in a database
and this is the loose process that you
might arrive at now you'll notice that
like this is a really high level process
that's intentional it's the highle
process that's going to inform now our
high level design there's going to be
far more steps to this once we get into
more detail into those non-functional
requirements but this is our starting
point this is how we unblock ourselves
this is how we sit here and just think
really critically what are the simple
steps to make this happen so that I can
now head to the Whiteboard and start
diagramming them
out all right so we've spent the first
10 to 15 minutes of the interview kind
of working on the setup here defining
our requirements understanding our
interface and our data flow all for us
to be able to now move into that highle
design and so if you're a mid-level
candidate then maybe you spent more time
here 15 or so minutes if you're a senior
staff candidate this part probably went
pretty quick and maybe you're getting to
this High Lev design just 10 minutes in
or so leaving yourself plenty of time to
get into the interesting stuff um in
either case we're now moving on to this
highle design where we're going to focus
on getting a simple system up and
running that satisfies those core
functional requirements and to do this
we're simply going to follow that data
flow that we outlined uh and then we're
going to improve on this later as we go
so let's have that data flow close by to
the left of us here and let's think of a
simple system that can meet this so the
first thing that I'm going to do is I'm
going to add some sort of a Quee and I'm
going to call this my Frontier queue and
so this could be Kafka it could be sqs
we'll talk about a little bit later on
which is going to make most sense but
for now I have some message q and this
is going to start by having my seed URLs
so it starts with the seed URLs in this
que okay great now we're going to have
some set of workers that pull off of
this que so I'll have a worker here this
guy I'm going to call our crawler and
what it's going to do is it's going to
pull a URL off the queue and then it's
going to fetch the web page and then
it's going to extract the text and then
it's going to extract the URLs so that's
all the things that this really simple
big computational resource our worker
here is going to do and in order to do
that it's going to reach up here it's
going to need to hit some
DNS DNS and then go up here and actually
fetch the web page
itself so the actual web page and then
once it gets that text Data then this
worker This Server is going to write to
a database here and in this case we're
going to want to use blob storage of
course so I'm going to go with S3 and
this is where we're going to have that
text data so we're going to store that
in there and then any URLs that we
pulled off of that web page we're going
to put right back into our Frontier
queue so this is going to be put
extracted urls
back on the Queue and then just repeat
repeat repeat and so I'm going to kind
of Mark this as these are the things
that are within our system DNS and the
web page are external to our
system but ultimately this is a really
high level design of a WebCrawler and so
you might be watching this thinking wow
this is so simple this YouTube video
might not even be relevant to me how
simple this is um hang tight we're going
to now go into our Deep dive which is
where we're going to spend the majority
of the remainder of the interview making
sure that this very simple system which
currently meets our functional
requirements is able to scale to meet
our non-functional requirements handling
fault tolerance politeness efficiency
scalability Etc so this is where things
are going to get
fun as we move on to the final step the
Deep Dives here and for this interview
it's the place where we spend the
majority of the time it's worth
outlining the expectations in the
interview for different levels of
candidates so it's the case that for
mid-level candidates your interview
should really have a lot of breadth 80%
breadth and maybe 20% depth and so that
means that you've gotten to this high
level design you've hopefully been able
to talk through it it probably took you
maybe a little bit longer to get here um
and now you're in a conversation with
your interviewer they're going to maybe
be leading you in the direction of some
of these pitfalls you'll also be
referencing your non-functional
requirements and hopefully still leading
the conversation where it makes sense
but there's a bit more of a back and
forth and it's totally okay if you don't
see all of the bottlenecks or issues and
they're pointing things out you just
need to be able to answer those
questions competently and evolve your
design accordingly on the other end of
the spectrum is Staff candidates where
they should get to this point much
sooner and kind of confidently go one by
one through those non-functional
requirements knocking each of them out
independently while of course still
leaving room for the interviewer to
provide any feedback or Point them in
any directions where necessary this
shouldn't be a monopolization of the
conversation ever and then Senior
candidates you know they fall somewhere
in the middle there so it's important to
note the degree to which you're
proactive in this section is a
consequence of your level and I'll kind
of talk throughout about what I'd expect
from each level respectively but what
we're going to do is that we have these
deep Dives that want to satisfy our
non-functional requirements regardless
of your level so you're going to come
here to your non-functional requirements
and you're going to look first at fault
tolerance so this is how can we ensure
that default tolerance such that our
systems robust and we don't lose any
progress so zooming back into our design
and I'm going to get rid of this dotted
line the first thing that you're going
to notice is that this crawler is is
doing a lot it's pulling URLs off the
queue it's fetching the web page
extracting the text extracting the URLs
Etc and the difficulty here is that if
any of these given tasks fail then we've
lost all the other progress and so this
isn't strictly true of course we could
fetch the website store it in S3 and
then if this thing failed we would still
have that URL in the queue we'd pull it
off in the crawler the crawler would
check you know have some condition have
I already fetch to this if yes go get it
from here otherwise get it from up here
um and that's possible but there's a
number of limitations to this the first
is that we have no separation of
responsibility so this doesn't allow us
to scale each of our workers
independently it also really inhibits
overall observability in monitoring
because we can't have a clear
understanding of where we are are in
each stage uh and it also makes us
subject to fragility as it pertains to
changing requirements so for this reason
if you get a data pipelining question
like this your first thought should be
how can I split this into smaller more
reasonable
stages um and in our case the most
reasonable thing to do is to split this
into at least two phases where that
first phase is to fetch the HTML and
then the second phase is to parse that
HTML of course storing the text and
putting the extracted URLs and the
reason for this natural breakdown is
because the most difficult to the most
aerone process here is the fetching of
the HTML so we want to really isolate
that as a single task F fetch the HTML
understanding that web pages will be
down they'll be throwing errors they'll
have servers that are slow to respond
we'll get rate limited Etc so let's have
this crawler really focus on that
singular task store that raw HTML in S3
and then we're safe we've done that
first hard thing and then we can put it
into the second stage of the pipeline
and retry as many times as we may need
to the parsing the extraction of the uh
of the URLs Etc on the HTML that we've
stored as opposed to having to go crawl
it again so let's make that update here
briefly so I'm going to have S3 for HTML
data and so the crawler here is simply
going to pull off the que and fetch the
web page and then it's going to save
that
HTML into the HTML data and then it's
going to need some additional oops it's
going to need some additional State here
and this is going to be that URL
metadata we kind of alluded to this
earlier and so you can imagine a URL
table maybe it has an ID maybe the
primary key is just the URL it's not too
important there and then relevantly it's
going to have that link to S3 so that S3
link to HTML right that's going to be
important and so the first thing this
guy does is that it
crawls stores that raw
HTML data in S3 and then updates the URL
metadata and this really could be
anything this could be Dynamo DB this
could be postgress it doesn't matter
this is this is quite simple there's uh
kind of no strong requirements there on
the database type and then like I said
update the URL status so once we've done
that then we want to introduce our
second phase so I'm going to put our
second phase down here this is going to
be a new que this is going to be called
our parsing que and so we'll kind of
delineate each stage here with a new
Q so put that in
there and so what we're going to put in
the que is going to be that um link to
S3 or the URL so we can fetch the HTML
data importantly you may be wondering
why don't I just put the HTML in the
queue so that my parsing worker can then
pull that HT HML directly off the queue
and do its job and the reason for this
is that CFA actually by default supports
messages of size 1 Megabyte now that
could be configured you'll remember that
we said our average websites were 2
megabytes but in general it's best
practice to minimize the size of the
payload that you put on the que here for
efficiencies so this cues are not meant
to have large bytes of data that's what
blob storage is highly optimized for of
course right so instead the pattern here
is that we typically just put a pointer
to that blob storage in the Q and so in
our case maybe what that is is just some
Json blob of the URL and the S3 link and
by putting the S3 link directly in here
then we don't have to go fetch it from
uh URL metadata we just have a single
fetch from
our parsing worker to go get to go get
the HTML so maybe I should instead fetch
the HTML from S3
link and now this parsing worker parsing
worker now this parsing worker has that
HTML that's the first thing that it's
going to do it's going to parse so it's
going
to extract the text right so this takes
raw HTML breaks down that Dom breaks
down that tree into just the text that's
relevant and then save that text
and then extract
URLs from that text and so we can then
take those
URLs and put them back into our Q which
means that this
guy is no longer needed he got replaced
by this big
loop fix up my drawing a little bit here
and so just to recap we have our
Frontier set which has some URLs in here
starting with our seed URLs our crawler
pulls off that URL fetches the website
this is the raw HTML saves that raw HTML
in S3 and then updates our URL metadata
into a URL table where we importantly
have that URL and the link to the HTML
we then also put on the next phases Q
the parsing q that URL and S3 link or
maybe just even the S3 link and then our
P parsing worker will pull off of this
queue for the next phase the second
stage and last stage in our pipeline
it's going to fetch that HTML and then
do the extraction put the URLs back on
the Queue and then
importantly the second thing that it's
going to do along this arrow is of
course store Back Store the raw text so
this is going to be S3 that's going to
have both the raw HTML first and then
the final text
data now conveniently in this pipeline
approach we're also now robust to any
changing requirements so you can imagine
maybe that the uh ml team comes back and
says all this text is great but we
actually also want the text from OCR the
text from images or maybe the alt text
on images in the HTML and our parsing
worker uh on the first go around didn't
consider this so instead of having to
recrawl the entire internet now we just
need to load up all of our URLs into our
parsing queue update our parsing logic
and rerun that so that's far robust
that's far better than having to go do
that kind of expensive sloppy fetching
of the web pages all over
again great um so continuing on fault
tolerance and robustness what happens if
we fail to fetch a URL again internet's
a messy place it's very likely that
websites are going to go down so what do
we do in that case well the first thing
that we could do the obvious and bad
answer is that we could just wait a
couple seconds in our crawler so we
fetch a website we get a 500 whatever it
is we get some errors and then we just
set an inmemory timer here to wait 5 to
10 seconds and then we try it again and
so this sucks for a couple reasons if
our crawler goes down then we lost that
timer of course it was just an in memory
timer and then it's also true that that
web page may not be ready in just five
more seconds in fact it probably isn't
if the site's down or if the server is
having issues or it's overwhelmed then
it could be uh ready again in 5 seconds
but it also may not be and very likely
may not be so instead we need a more
sophisticated retry strategy something
like maybe an exponential back off and
so to accomplish exponential backoff
we're going to need to introduce some
sort of state and we can manage this
backoff in CFA itself if we assumed that
our Frontier queue is CFA which is one
option we still haven't made a decision
there and so interestingly Kafka does
not support retries out of the box we
would need to implement them ourselves
so you could have a separate topic here
in your Frontier Q uh and that separate
topic would be for those failed URLs and
in order to know how much a back off for
each of them we would determine that
back off time in our crawler and add
that to the message that we put back on
the Queue so then when the next worker
the next crawler pulls off of that topic
it's also going to have the amount of
time uh not the time that it should wait
but the time that it should run more
importantly and it's going to wait until
that time to then go try to fetch or
refetch that URL if it fails again and
the crawler has some logic to increase
that time in an exponential way and put
it back onto that fail
topic um so this way if the crawler goes
down the message will still be processed
just by another worker who knows that
right time because it's in the message
so this works it's it's just a bit of a
mess um and so what we could do instead
which is wonderful is that we can use
Amazon sqs here and in fact that's what
I'm going to do in this design I'm going
to use sqs and conveniently sqs actually
supports retries with configurable
exponential back off directly out of the
box so initially messages that fail to
process are retried once per visibility
timeout and that default is 30 seconds
now in sqs a visibility timeout I threw
a new word at you there it's just the
period of time when other consumers are
prevented from receiving and processing
messages so if a crawler pulled
something off and the visibility timeout
prevents anyone else from seeing it I'm
actually going to go into go into that I
think a bit deeper here uh really soon
but this this timeout this visibility
timeout increases then exponentially
after each retry attempt so we put it
back on 30 seconds and then 2 minutes 5
minutes becomes 15 minutes um and this
solves us needing to implement that
ourselves in Kafka by just configuring
it via configuration file with sqs
that's awesome um so this is great but
we're not totally out of the woods just
yet the thing that we need to consider
now is that we don't want to retry
indefinitely that would be foolish the
reality is that maybe after our fifth
attempt this site is just offline it's
an old URL it's a bad URL that server no
longer exists this website's gone out of
business whatever it may be so you want
to set some Maximum and maybe we want
that to be five attempts and this can be
said again just by an sqs configuration
file it's the field approximate receive
count is what it's called but you could
set that to five and then what that does
is that if that five is reached if that
approximate receive count is reached
then failed URLs are automatically moved
to a configured dead letter q and so
you'd have some dead letter Q in our
case in our AWS ecosystem we have some
dead letter Q here this is just another
message Q uh these dead letter cues are
just they're special types of message
cues I guess you can think of them as
that store messages that can't be
processed so on Fifth attempt uh let me
just put it
here why won't it let me type so on
Fifth attempt move to dead letter Q I'm
going to put that right right there and
so we'll retry with exponential back off
via sqs on Fifth attemp we'll go to the
dead letter Q these dead letter cues are
probably web pages that are down so we
don't care about them at all we could
talk to the product team or who whomever
else to say what do you want us to do
with these is there something special um
but that handles
that so there's really no expectation
from any level of candidate that you
know that level of depth or intricacies
about the difference between different
messages use CF sqs that is one
potential area where you can show a lot
of technical depth and so if you're a
staff candidate I'm expecting to see
technical depth in three-ish places and
maybe you have a lot of experience with
message cues so you could have shown
that depth there like I just did
fantastic that's one of your places
senior candidates I want to see like one
to two really deep places um again that
could have been one of them for for
mid-level candidates the expectation for
that level of depth is a lot lower so
alternatively if you you didn't know
this this level of detail then what you
would have derived is just that an
inmemory timer certainly won't work I'll
need some exponential back off and maybe
that solution that I mentioned about
just keeping it in a separate topic with
State about when to run it is totally
sufficient and that would have been a
great answer both at senior and staff
and of course at mid level um and then
you'll just need to look for other
opportunities throughout the interview
to go into more
depth now we keep we keep talking about
what happens if a crawler goes down we
should probably go into a bit more
detail there so what happens if one of
these crawler workers trying to fetch a
URL and and one of them goes down well
pretty simple we're going to just spin
up a new crawler that Parts
straightforward uh the good news here is
that the URL is going to stay in the
queue until it's confirmed to have been
fetched by a crawler in the HTML store
and blob storage so even though a
crawler kind of we say it pulls off the
queue pulls a URL off the que strictly
speaking this is a little bit inaccurate
that URL will stay in the queue until
it's confirmed to have been processed
and then it'll be removed from the queue
and so just quickly the way that that
actually happens cuz I think this is is
is pretty interesting is different based
on message CU so in the case of cfco
what happens is that each message is
uniquely identified by an offset and
then crawlers are all part of the same
consumer group and consumer groups are
used just to ensure that a given message
is read only once by Any Given worker in
a consumer Group which is what we want
here right so we don't process the same
URL multiple times and then when a URL
is successfully fetched meaning we've
stored it into S3 then the worker needs
to commit that offset back to Kafka so
that other crawlers know that that
message has been processed and then that
message is is committed others won't
pull off it and then messages are only
deleted based on some configurable
retention policy so I think the default
retention policy in CF is is 7 Days this
can be changed and so that means that
those messages that have already been
read are going to be deleted after 7
days I think in cfco you can also do
this by size uh I want to say like 10 GB
is the default nobody quote me on that I
might be making it up um but I think
that if this queue gets to a certain
size then we'll also start to delete um
some of those messages that have already
been confirmed to be readed so that's
the way that Kafka does it uh of course
we decided in our case to go with sqs
sqs um uses that visibility timeout that
we talked about so messages uh basically
remain in the queue until they're
explicitly deleted and instead we use
that visibility timeout to just hide
messages so you have that default
visibility timeout one crawler pulls it
off say that time out's 30 seconds that
message is still in the queue but it's
quote unquote invisible to other
Crawlers for 30 seconds if this crawler
went down the one that pulled it off
then after 30 seconds that visibility
timeouts elapsed it can be seen now to
be pulled off by other crawlers um
that's the way that it it works there
and then if the crawler is successful in
storing the HTML then it can issue a
command back to sqs to basically delete
that message off of the que it's the way
that it works there so again you don't
need to know this level of detail
necessarily in your interview it's one
place where you could go into depth you
sure certainly shouldn't waste an
exorbitant amount of time on it um but I
think it's really interesting and good
to know so do want to share it with you
all so with fault tolerance and
robustness checked off our list boom we
can move on to the next one which is how
can we ensure politeness and adherence
to that robots.txt so first off let me
come over here and show you all an
example I'm going to zoom in so you can
read an example robots.
txt so again robot. txt is a file that
can be on the on each of the web servers
that specify rules per domain so here's
an example the user agent line specifies
the
crawler uh that these rules apply to so
in this case star just means it supplies
to every crawler whether you're Google
or whomever else and then disallow says
the paths that you're not allowed to
crawl so you cannot uh crawl any path in
private in this case and then the crawl
delay specifies how many seconds a
crawler should wait between requests and
this is in seconds so between crawling
any two pages on this domain we need to
wait 10 seconds it's a long time but
this is what a robots.txt looks like so
what we're going to want to do then is
that anytime that we fetch a domain for
the first time we're going to need to go
up and get its robots.txt and then add
some additional State here so let me
move all this over so that we have some
more room and I'm going to add an
additional t table uh is it going to let
me maybe I'll just do it right under
this one so I'm going to add a domain
table to our metadata DB here and this
domain table is of course going to have
the actual domain it's going to have the
last crawled time maybe the last time we
crawled this domain and then it's going
to have all that information from the
robots so maybe the user agent the
disallow and that craw delay craw delay
so we'll pull all that in here so the
first time that we fetch any domain
we're going to get it to robot stack txt
we're going to open up the uh go into
the URL metadata this is easy right
we'll just check if it exists if it
doesn't we'll fetch it for any given
domain put it here and then on any
subsequent craws we're going to look
here for any of these rules and so the
very first thing that we're going to do
for any given URL is that we're going to
check its domain and we're going to see
is this path allowed if it's not allowed
let me move this over so you all can see
a little better if it's not allowed then
we'll acknowledge the message
essentially moving it off of the Q
removing it from the que and so of
course in Kafka case uh this would be
you know moving the cursor in sqs case
this would be explicitly deleting that
message it's not allowed it's something
that we can't crawl uh the next thing
that we'll do is we'll check that last
crawled time and we'll see if the crawl
delay uh exceeds basically now minus
last crawl delay is greater than now
minus last crawled time is greater than
crawl delay and hopefully that makes
sense and if so we're allowed to crawl
it and if not then we'll need to put it
back on the Queue and in the case of sqs
we'll set that visibility timeout to be
whatever that crawl delay is so we'll
wait that amount of time before we do it
again so that's very simply how we're
going to adhere to robots.txt now a
couple things that are worth calling out
uh the robot set txt might change so is
it worth us periodically fetching it
maybe I'm not going to go into detail
there that's something you could talk
about in your interview maybe this has
some TTL if the TTL is expired we go and
fetch the robots.txt again again of
course this read maybe is slow um and so
maybe you want to have a cache here that
caches that domain specific data to make
this a little bit quicker in memory
certainly an option I don't know that
it's the most important thing here
considering we're really IO Bound by
this web page fetch but it's something
certainly to
consider um the next thing that you're
going to want to consider is just the
general rate limiting to be polite so
the standard limit across the internet
is that you shouldn't send more than one
request a second this is sort of the
industry standard so even if no crawl
delay is set as most companies uh and
most websites won't have a craw delay
set you want to make sure that for any
given domain you're not uh fetching it
more than once per second and so to do
this we can simply have a rate limiter
we can add a rate limiter here this can
be something like reddis so this going
to be an inmemory domain specific rate
limiter so it's going to be a limit per
domain and we can have some like sliding
window algorithm for example that counts
the amount of requests that we've made
in the last second and make sure that we
don't make uh more than that number of
requests so our crawler is going to need
to also hit our rate limiter here this
should be quick we're talking tens of
milliseconds probably uh check our rate
limiter see if we're allowed to crawl if
it's not then again put it back in the
queue with some visibility timeout and
you'll want to be wise here to apply
some Jitter and so Jitter is just the
concept of adding some random time such
that if we had 10 crawlers that all for
example had the same domain and they all
exceeded the rate limiter they'd all get
put on the Queue they'd all get pulled
off then again around the same time
potentially they'd hit the rate limiter
again only one of them would get through
and that process would repeat and so by
introducing some Jitter we introduce
Randomness and make sure that that
doesn't happen so here's a simple setup
that that is totally
reasonable now you might notice that
even with Jitter you run into this
problem where when you extract URLs from
a given web site there's a very high
probability that many of those URLs are
from the same domain so you put them on
the Queue and then you have in your
queue this backlog of maybe 20 100 200
500 depending on the size of the site
URLs all from the same domain and so
they all get pulled off by the same
crawler they all hit either a crawl
delay or a rate limiter and they all get
put back on and this is inefficient it's
wasted cycles and so that's true one
area for potential depth here that I've
seen candidates go into is that they
recognize this problem and and their
suggestion basically and and I'm not
going to put this in my design cuz I
don't want to go into too much detail
it's a bit abstract even when candidates
propose it but you basically have some
scheduler here call it a smart
scheduler and what it does is that
instead of putting these URLs directly
back on the Queue we'll put these URLs
just directly into the metadata so
there's more URLs here and maybe we have
some additional state that says crawled
or not crawled maybe a last crawled time
on any given URL and so this smart
scheduler then what it does is it needs
to go fetch URLs periodically maybe
every time this Q gets low it's going to
fetch URLs from the URL metadata and
then it's going to make some smart
decision based on an algorithm that
you've crafted as to the order of those
URLs that you're going to put back on
the Queue or make this a priority cue
and similarly ass assign some priority
kind of same thing there so the smart
schedule is responsible for making sure
that we avoid that case where all
crawlers are are going through those the
same domain over and over again hitting
the rate limiter and hitting the craw
DeLay So this is definitely a smart
thing to do just for Simplicity I'm
going to exclude it from from my design
um but it's absolutely valid a good
conversation and something that
particularly staff candidates even
senior candidates maybe you want to
bring up in the interview if you want to
go deep on this particular
problem all right so that should cover
politeness so now we can move on to
scale to 10 billion pages and
efficiently crawl in under 5 days and so
since scalability and efficiency really
go hand in hand we need to be able to
scale in order to be efficient we're
going to tackle those together uh it's
worth noting that I really recommend you
save scalability for the last thing that
you talk about and this is because the
system continues to evolve so you'll
note that if we had talked about
scalability right away we would have
talked about scaling our crawler or
whatever but we could have completely
missed bottlenecks in our parser or our
paring Q CU these are things that we
added later so get your full design down
and then scale it at the end
so the first question that we might ask
here is that we have a really strict
requirement that we need to finish this
crawling in under 5 days so how many
machines here how many crawlers are we
going to need in order to satisfy that
requirement and so we talked about in
the beginning how you shouldn't do math
necessarily up front just for the sake
of doing math but you should do math
during your design to inform some
decision and right now I have a clear
decision I need to make I have a clear
problem how many crawlers do I need to
scrape or to crawl 10 billion pages in
under 5 days and this will be a time now
where we could do math so I'm going to
come up here and I'm going to say up
front this is going to be pretty
handwavy in reality what you would do
for a system like this is that you would
run a test you would run a test to
understand your throughput and then with
the results of that test you would
multiply that out uh and determine the
number of machines we can't do that in
an interview so I might say that to my
interviewer I might say in reality this
is would be difficult to estimate and I
would actually run a test but let me do
some really crude estimations here so
the top AWS instances networked
optimized instances can handle uh 400
gbits per second and so then we also
talked about that each of our Pages were
2 megabytes per page that was our
average so that's what we have out of
the gate so if we had 400 gigabits per
second divided by 8 bits per
bite per
bite um and then we had our 2 megabytes
per page then that's
25,000 pages per second and so that's a
lot 25,000 pages per second is insane
it's unrealistically insane actually
you'd be able to do that on a single
crawler in under five days um now the
reality is you can never Max use 100% of
the available band with it's unrealistic
it's not just unrealistic it's
impossible and so for our specific use
case this doesn't make sense because we
have a lot of other things that are
going to happen DNS rate limiting uh
delayed response times from web pages we
have the rate limit ourselves we have
the craw delay we have retries we have
all of these things which make it
impossible for us to maximize the total
bandwidth so here's where we get really
hand wavy and we're going to make just
some estimate and I'm going to say to my
interviewer because of all of those
things I think that I'm only going to be
able to use maybe 50% of available
bandwidth or maybe even 30% of available
bandwidth um and so if we have 30% of
available bandwidth then we have 25,000
pages per second time. 3 and this is
around
10K um you know maybe we make that 25%
it's around
10K handwavy math and so now we have our
10 billion Pages that's 10 10th divided
by 10 4th um where 10 to the 4th is that
10K and that gives us 10 the 6 or a
million total seconds that's how long it
would take us to scrape on one machine
uh assuming that we can only use 30% of
the bandwidth and so then if we have
that million seconds divided by how many
seconds are in a day about 10 5th this
would take us 10
days okay takes us about 10 days on a
single machine so in order to do this on
just two machines uh it would be since
this scales linearly we could introduce
two machines and this would be 5 days
total um we want to give ourselves a
little leeway for things to go wrong and
for any errors that might happen in our
parsing worker so maybe we end
up instead of two machines we do that
time 2 and that equals four machines so
we have four of the Superduty Network
optimized AWS instances that we're going
to need here to achieve crawling
and so we can update that here crawler
we'll have four machines emphasizing
again that that's hand wavy what about
our parsing worker well our bottleneck
is actually here on scraping and so
everything Downstream of it just needs
to be able to scale scale dynamically so
what we can say here is that this scales
dynamically based on the Q so we don't
want our Q to get too large if our Q has
some backlog then we can pull up more
workers here these can be ec2 instances
uh these can be lambdas kind of any
containerized configurable compute
resource here that we can just scale
dynamically based on the size of the
quebe so you might need to implement
some logic in order to be able to do
that but that's the general concept here
this is Downstream of our bottleneck so
it just needs to be able to keep
up now another potential bottleneck
that's often overlooked in this system
is DNS itself so if we're using a third
party DNS provider we'll want to make
sure that we can handle this heavy load
most third party providers they have
rate limits and these rate limits can
typically be increased by just throwing
money at it and so given our constraint
was that we're Super Rich then yeah
that's what we could do that's totally a
valid option however it's worth
considering what other optimizations
here might be so the first thing that we
can do is is introduce some DNS caching
so we already had this reddis instance
here uh so this was our reddis wow why
the text get so
big uh we already had reddis here which
handled our rate limiting and we can
just have that same cluster also do some
DNS caching so for any given domain we
only need to hit the DNS server once and
then we can cache those results and just
use that cache moving forward so this is
great this is going to significantly cut
down on the amount of requests that we
me to make to any third party DNS
provider and then another thing that we
could do which is interesting is that we
can actually just use multiple DNS
providers and Round Robin between them
so this could help us distribute the
load across multiple providers and would
also not only reduce the risk of hitting
the rate limit but reduce the risk of
any of those DNS providers having issue
so we could have multiple DNS providers
here and so this approach actually was
suggested by a staff candidate that I
was interviewing just the other week uh
and I really liked this idea when they
suggested it it's it's super simple but
I love how practical it is so it breaks
out of that like traditional academic
answer and shows that the candidates
actually thinking practically about real
world constraints and real world
Solutions the reality is if that staff
candidate was sitting in a room with
other Engineers trying to design um
trying to resolve this problem after
they ran into DNS issues that's probably
the first thing they would suggest let's
just get other providers in there and
let's Round Rob them between them so
it's those sort of real practical
solutions that often times separate more
Junior candidates from more senior
candidates because it shows you're not
just Reg daating something you read in a
book but instead you're applying a
practical approach that either you've
done in the past or it just generally
shows your practical
thinking now focusing back on efficiency
in order for us to be as efficient as
possible we want to ensure that we don't
waste our time crawling pages that have
already been crawled and so this means
two things the simple case is that we
don't want to crawl the same URL twice
that one's pretty obvious and then the
second one which is a little less
obvious is that we don't want to parse a
web page that has duplicate content of
that of a page that we've already parsed
so this is the case where you have two
different URLs maybe even on different
domains that have the exact same content
and you might be surprised this actually
happens way more than you would expect
on the Internet it's maybe a depressing
fact of the lack of diversity of content
on the internet um but nonetheless those
are the two things that we want to
handle so number one don't crawl a URL
that's already been crawled let me
actually instead of you guys watching me
try to stumble over typing that let me
copy and paste that here so
efficiency we want to not craw eall
that's already been crawled that's the
one that we're going to start with so
this one's the straightforward one we're
bound to have a lot of duplicates in
this parser when we extract URLs so
we're going to take some web page we're
going to pull all the URLs off of it and
the chances are we've probably already
put those URLs on our Frontier queue or
we've already processed them right and
so the simple thing that we can do here
is when we get a new URL we're just
going to check
do we already have it do we already have
the URL is the URL already here and this
should be simple maybe actually we make
the URL our primary key we don't need
some ID there and so we just check if it
exists now you'll note that in our
current setup URLs are only added here
uh after they've successfully been
parsed then we add the URL so as it
stands right now we may add a bunch of
UR duplicate URLs to our Frontier queue
actually so you could add another check
here in the crawler maybe or what might
be best best is that we actually just in
our parser worker when we put a new URL
on the Queue we also put it here um
directly into the metadata DBS DB and we
maybe have like a last crawl time and so
your last crawl time would be undefined
when you get a new URL you'll put it on
here it'll be undefined and then when we
actually parse it we'll update this with
the real last craw time and with the S3
link which also would have been
undefined so that would handle that
um make that the primary key that's easy
you're going to have have what 10
billion of these so that's a lot we're
probably going to want to Shard this
it'll be sharded on the primary key um
easy still a quick look up log in no
problem this isn't our bottleneck anyway
so that should work relatively easy now
that second one of don't parse a web
page with duplicate content that's
already been parsed um in order to do
this we're going to make sure that our
crawler doesn't put something on our
parsing queue that we've already parsed
from a Content perspective so this is
going to need a new Step which is to
Hash the HTML and so it's going to Hash
that HTML and then put that hash here
and so it's going to put that hash there
and then we'll want to check we'll hash
that URL look in our URL metadata does
that hash already exist if it does don't
put it on the worker if it doesn't do
put it on the worker and now the real
question becomes how how do we do that
check and how do we make that check be
efficient enough and so one thing that
we can do and I think this is probably
the best answer is that you can add just
a global secondary index I think we said
we were using Dynamo DB here anything
would work but just to make this all tie
together I'm going to say we're using
Dynamo DB and so I'm going to add a
global secondary index on this hash and
so this should make this quick up pretty
efficient this is going to be log in now
it should be more than good enough and
us to be able to check for that
inclusivity
um especially since you know we're
bottlenecked mostly on this IO not on
this IO these are going to be collocated
within the same uh virtual private Cloud
right that's what they're called um so
that's going to be quick enough now the
other option is that we have kind of an
auxiliary inmemory hash set um and so
this could be that we have reddis here
and then we use a reddis set and we have
a Redd set with those hashes and so we
just need to check then reddis to see if
the hash exists store them there as
opposed to in the secondary index now we
have some issues where if reddis goes
down maybe you want be writing to
Persistence of course there's some
things that could show up there we also
have the fact that this could be a lot
of data so another place where we could
do math we have our 10 it doesn't let me
type in there okay we have our 10 to the
10 10 pages each hash is going to be
maybe something like 20 bytes or so and
so this ends up being 200 gigabytes of
data which is a lot but you're going to
have a single rdus instance that's 250
56 GB of data so this could still fit in
a single rdus instance um given that we
weren't money constrained like this is
great this would work whether it's the
global secondary index or this they're
both totally fine trade-offs of course
to discuss in your interview is that
this is additional Hardware additional
cost and additional thing to make sure
that we maintain fault tolerance if it
goes down this is slower it's n log n or
excuse me log n this one is O of one um
and given that this is in memory nothing
goes to diss this is tens of
milliseconds so that's a good tradeoff
to discuss now something I I see
candidates do all the times in
interviews and usually Unfortunately
they don't justify it but they say oh
I'm going to use a bloom filter I'm
going to use a bloom filter right here
and so first of all what's a bloom
filter a bloom filter is a space
efficient that's the important part
space efficient probabilistic data
structure that's used to check for set
inclusion just like a hash set so you
can basically say is this thing in a set
just like we're doing here um but in a
space efficient way so you basically
trade accuracy for space efficiency see
so it'll be far less than 200 GB but now
false positive matches are possible and
false negative matches are not so in
other words to say that more clearly a
query could return either possibly in
the set or definitely not in the set and
so in our case we're checking we're
saying is this thing in the set and
it'll return well it possibly is and
that's going to have some error margin
and so this means that we could have
those false positives where it tells us
that something is in the set even though
it's not basically telling us we've
already parsed content even though we
haven't uh and then we won't put it on
our parsing queue and we'll lose that
content and so maybe when we're talking
about 10 billion URLs that's not a big
deal there's not going to be a ton of
false positives so who cares maybe or
maybe it really matters that we get all
the text on the internet of which that's
a bad option this is a trade-off
something to discuss with your
interviewer but all in all given the
size uh and the lack of constraints here
unless my interviewer told me that I
need to have a really small rdus
instance I wouldn't even consider the
bloom filter I don't consider it
actually to be a very good option uh I
bring it up here only because it's
something that so many candidates when I
ask this question talk about and frankly
I see it almost as a bad sign when they
do because they don't set up the problem
they don't say that I'm memory
constrained here in redis and as a
result this is my solution they
basically just say I need to check for
set inclusion of a hash so I'm
immediately just going to use a bloom
filter they don't consider the global
secondary index they don't consider just
keeping it in redus and it's clear to me
that the reason they're doing this is
because my guess is that this Bloom
filter is kind of prominence in
literature maybe in Alex shu's books or
some of these other things that's my
guess grocking whatever um so people are
kind of just used to regurgitating that
and it shows that you know sure they've
read some things but they're not really
thinking thoroughly about what the best
option here so I personally would go for
the global secondary index but this is
also totally
fine now the last thing to round out
efficiency that we just want to be aware
of something called crawler traps so
these are pages that are designed to
keep Crawlers on any given site
indefinitely they can be created by
either having a page that links to
itself many times of course we've talked
about how we just handled that um but it
can also just link to different pages in
that same domain over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over over again nearly indefinitely
maybe hundreds of thousands of times or
something all with basically no content
on that page so if we're not careful we
could end up just crawling and crawling
cing and crawling and crawling and
crawling on a single domain not getting
any useful information so fortunately
the solution to something like this is
pretty straightforward and we can just
Implement some max depth for crawlers so
we can say like our our max depth is 20
or something like this and then we can
add a depth field here to Any Given URL
in our metadata um and so every time we
follow a new Link Link we can increment
this depth field by one if the depth
exceeds our threshold our threshold then
we're stop crawling so this will all be
done by the part worker the parse worker
when it adds a new URL will check the
the the depth of the URL that it's
currently parsing and then add for the
new URL that old depth plus one if that
depth depth is exceeded I don't know why
that's a hard word for me to say right
now if that depth is exceeded then we
won't put it back on our Q so that
should be relatively
straightforward um okay so let's let's
take a look we handled fault tolerance
politeness scale and efficiency and at
this point there is our semi- beautiful
design this thing covers all of your
functional requirements it covers all of
your non-functional requirements and
this would certainly pass an interview
at senior this is far more than you
would need to do to pass an interview at
midlevel if you were able to have that
initial highle design that we talked
about and then you were able to kind of
competently answer some of my my
follow-up interview questions about
retries or about things going down here
or about how to handle efficiency of not
re uh uh you know reparsing the same
URLs or or content if you were able to
do that then great um You probably pass
as a mid-level candidate if you arrived
at something like this but without kind
of the deep depth that we showed here or
the Deep depth that we showed here um
maybe you didn't talk about DNS or you
know there could have been things that
you left out that's probably passing at
senior and then for staff you maybe
don't need all of this but you needed to
show depth in some places so we showed
some opportunities this could have been
a place for depth we just talked about
that the different types of message cues
was a place for depth um talking about
DNS some solutions there of course was a
place for depth so lots of opportunities
there's no strict rule on where those
places are you'll want to find them and
make sure that they make the most sense
to you and they're the places where you
have your
expertise now I before I close off here
I want to mention what some other deep
Dives could be I'm going to paste some
of these in here actually uh maybe I'll
just paste this directly off of our
website
so oh shoot that looks like trash so
instead I'm going to write them um so
some additional deep Dives one is how to
handle Dynamic content this is something
you might have wanted to ask your
interviewer directly up front so many
websites are built nowadays of course
with JavaScript or Frameworks like react
angular Etc and this means that the
content on the page is not just HTML um
but instead it's loaded dynamically with
JavaScript and so to handle something
like this we would actually need to have
a headless browser like Puppeteer or
something um in this crawler which is
able to render that JavaScript um before
we can extract the page and so that's
going to make this way slower way more
errone and way more expensive but that's
something to note there another one is
how to monitor the health of the system
that's something that you might want to
talk about of course splitting it into
different phases helped but you can have
monitoring Services data dog New Relic
whatever to monitor where URLs are in
each of the phases respectively and what
your main errors are um how to handle
large gosh how to handle large files or
large web
pages maybe I'll just say that large web
pages um so some web pages might be huge
maybe we want them maybe we don't um
they could cause some issues to our
system we can use something like a
Content length header on the requests to
just skip downloading large files that's
one option something you could talk to
your interviewer with uh about and then
how to handle continual Updates this
one's more common particularly if you
were told to design a web crawler for
like a Google or an indexer or maybe
we're told that we want to retrain this
model every couple of months or so so we
want this crawler to continually run um
and in this case I think that best
solution is we had talked about that URL
scheduler that you might add here as
opposed to just adding things back on
the que and so I think that's the right
solution you have some smart URL
scheduler again it periodically queries
your url metad
database here to determine what we put
on the frontier que as opposed to
putting it directly here and then we
would probably have that last crawled
time uh to just check some logic if we
haven't crawled something in you know in
minutes days hours whatever put it back
on the Queue so some additional deep
Dives I'll leave with you guys
additional deep Dives of course those
aren't the only ones as well um but
those are some good ones so hopefully
you're feeling good hopefully this was
clear enough and that it made sense
we've SA all of our functional
requirements all of our non-functional
requirements we're leaving the interview
excited happy knowing that we just
crushed it and we're about to land that
new job so Kudos thanks for following
along just five
days so thank you very much again
everybody for watching um really L the
reception to these videos going to
continue to do it I know I'm a little
I'm a week late on this one I was
traveling so apologies um but of course
if you have an interview coming up
particularly at a big Fang and you want
to get this Hands-On practice I'm biased
I know that um but bias aside I really
think the best thing that you can do is
practice with an interviewer who works
at some of these big companies and has
asked these questions before and they'll
be able to show you exactly what they're
looking for so head over to hello
interview.com see if it makes sense for
you to schedule a mock interview um I'll
be looking at the comments as I always
do so please follow up with questions
anything that you think I did stupid let
me know uh always happy to hear that
feedback and most importantly best of
luck with your upcoming interviews you
guys are going to do great